From Henry de Curcy OVP of a fine for trespass.
John Maungne, OVP for him and his pledges, for he came not though mainperned.
William de Kent, OVP, for him and his pledges likewise.
John Ringere, OVP for a false claim against J. de Fresingfeld.
Richard fitz John, OVP to have a writ.
Geoffrey de Geneville, OVP for debts of divers persons.
William de Cauntone, sheriff, OVP for debts of divers persons.
Geoffrey de Cogan, OVP for the same.
Of profit of the county, OVP by William de Cauntone, sheriff.
Thomas de Salop, chaplain, OVP as he did not have a warrant of the king’s service.
Richard, vicar of the church of Moling, OVP for unjust detention.
William, vicar of Donehammore, OVP to have a writ.
Farm of the town, OVP by Ralph de Bigdone.
Farm of the lands of Thomas de Arundel, OVP by Richard Botild.
Farm of the mills of Taghyanewy, OVP by Edusam Inmaulouz.
Roger Roth, sheriff, OVP of debts of divers persons.
The same, OVP of the profits of the county.
Ralph de Monthermer, earl, and J. his wife, OVP of the arrears of their account by F., seneschal.
F., the seneschal, OVP of the debts of divers persons.
Of aid promised to the king, OVP, by the community of the town of Kilkenny.
James de Audelee, OVP of a fine for trespass.
John de Trim, OVP of a fine for the release of a suit for peace.
The same John, OVP to have licence to plead by bill.
Nicholas de Cruis, OVP for the wardship and marriage of the lands and the heir of Jordan Locard.
The villata of Loughsewdy, OVP for the escape of Reginald le Tanner.
Robert le Fleming, OVP as he came not when summoned.
Of aid promised to the king, OVP, by T. de Assheb’.
John de Wodelok, sheriff, OVP of the arrears of his account, by Walter de Burford.
William Davillers, OVP to have licence to make agreement, by the pledge of Philip Drake.
Philip Davillers, OVP for unjust detention.
Allexander Donethe, OVP to have licence to make an agreement with Hugh de Freines.
Robert de Maundeville and Roger de Burford, OVP of a fine for trespass.
Patrick de Rocheford and others, OVP of a fine, by Alfr’ Maddok.
William le Blund de Otimi, OVP of a fine for trespass.
Robert de Beuver, OVP of a fine for trespass.
Gilbert de Ningg and others, OVP as he made a false valuation of the chattels of J. de Ningg.
The villata of Molifarnan, OVP of a fine for trespass.
The same, OVP of a fine for having peace.
Robert Dromgole, OVP of a fine for trespass.
John Adm, OVP for the plevin of Richard de Cruis for escape.
John de Trim, OVP of a fine for trespass.
Nicholas, archbishop of Armagh, OVP of a fine for trespass.
From the merchants of the society of the Riccardi of Lucca, OVP of their English debts, by G. Chimbardi.
William Taillefer, OVP of a fine for trespass.
Nicholas de Cruis, OVP for the wardship of the land and the marriage of the heir of Jordan Locard.
Of the rent of the town of Athlone , OVP, by William le Taverner.
John Wodelok, sheriff, OVP of the debts of divers persons, by Stephen Wulbot.
The same sheriff, OVP of the same, by Nicholas Benet.
John Colin, OVP for himself and his pledges, as he did not come after mainprise.
Roger Roth, sheriff, OVP of the debts of divers persons.
Nicholas Rudipak, juror, OVP, as he did not come.
Of aid promised to the king in county Kildare, OVP, by David le Mazener, sheriff.
The same sheriff, OVP of the arrears of his account.
Theobald de Wyk and his associates, OVP for divers amercements.
Master Nicholas de  Exeter, archdeacon of Ossory, OVP for himself and his pledges, as he did not prosecute.
Robert Long de Lough, OVP of a fine for trespass.
William fitz William Haket, OVP to have two writs.
John Wodelok, sheriff, OVP of the debts of divers persons, by William Boneis.
Ralph del Nase, OVP for not convening a jury to hold a view, as ordered.
Roger de Novo Castro, an Irishman, OVP for having entry on his tenements at Swords.
Of the issues of the lands late of Cristiana de Mariscis at Killimen , OVP, by William Molroni.
The farm of the city, OVP, by William Calan and J. de Castelknok.
Adam Karrik, OVP of a fine for the death of J. de Suttone, by Adam le Latimer.
Thomas de Stanlee, OVP of a fine for release from an indictment.
Jordan de Exeter, OVP of the rent of Admethan.
Thomas McDermot and Bren, OVP of a fine to have peace, by Jordan de Exeter in cows .
Of the rent of the lands late of Adam le Fleming, felon, OVP by the same Jordan, for two terms.
The same receipt from the same, OVP, of the lands of William le Fleming.
Thomas Page, OVP for contempt.
William de Clintone and his wife, Isabella, OVP for the marriage of the said Isabella.
William de Graftone, OVP of a fine for trespass.
John Pope, OVP for the same.
Simon fitz Simon de Tanelagh, OVP of a fine for obstructing the holding of a view.
Philip le Hore, OVP of a fine for trespass.
Geoffrey Mare, reeve of Edirdrim, OVP for the same.
William Veyse and John Peris, OVP for the same.
Reymund Barry, OVP as he did not come when summoned.
Adam de la Roche, seneschal, OVP of debts of divers persons.
John de Coventr’, sheriff, OVP of the arrears of his account, by Philip Houlot.
Richard Gernun, OVP of a fine for trespass.
Henry de Bermingham, sheriff, OVP of the debts of divers persons.
Of the rent of Thristeldermot and Gavernagh, OVP, by Walter Ivethorn.
Roger Simon de Slane, OVP as he did not come when summoned.
Osbert le Blake de Barainy, OVP for the same.
Robert Hwe, OVP for the same.
John Andreu de Graungethiz, OVP for the same.
Gilbert Linet, OVP of a fine to have peace.
Of the rent of Admekin, OVP, by Walter de Ridelesford.
The arrears of the rent of Esker, OVP by Henry Kisshok.
Adam de Galleth, OVP for himself and his pledges as he did not come when mainperned.
Adam de Cromelin, sheriff, OVP  of the arrears of his account.
Henry le Waleis, sheriff, OVP of the arrears of his account, by Anastacia, his wife.
Adam de Cromelin, sheriff, OVP of the arrears of his account, by Richard fitz Robert.
Philip Furlang, OVP of a fine for trespass.
The Abbot of Glounart, OVP of a fine to have peace.
Walter Uncle, sheriff, OVP of the arrears of his account, by Walter le Bret.
John Dengayne, OVP of a fine for trespass.
The bishop-elect of Killaloe , OVP of a fine for trespass.
Philip Jordan, juror, OVP as he did not come.
William Prene, OVP of his forfeited chattels at Balininok, by J. Giffard.
Nicholas Crok, OVP of a fine to have peace.
Richard de Valle, sheriff, OVP  of debts of divers persons.
John Baret, sheriff, OVP of the arrears of his account.
Richard de Valle, OVP of debts of divers persons.
Roger Gernun, sheriff, OVP of debts of divers persons.
Richard de Valle, sheriff, OVP of debts of divers persons.
Walter Brusbon, OVP of a fine for instigating a malicious appeal.
The abbot of Mellifont, OVP of a fine.
Edmund Butler, OVP of his relief.
John fitz William le Graunt, OVP of a fine.
William de Fithered, OVP of a fine for a ship called la Alice de Herwith.
Ralph Burgeis, OVP of a fine for trespass.
Richard Burgeis, OVP of the same.
John fitz John Tel, OVP for licence to renew a writ now lapsed.
Geoffrey de Mortone, OVP of a fine for licence to make an agreement.
Of the issues of the escheatry, OVP, by Walter de la Haye, escheator.
Gilbert de Suttone, sheriff, OVP of the arrears of his account.
Richard de Peveneseie, seneschal, OVP of the arrears of his account for John fitz H., by John fitz John de la Hide.
Richard Hauberge, OVP of a fine for trespass.
Richard Gernoun, OVP for a false judgment.
John Baret, sheriff, OVP of the arrears of his account, by the prior of St John’s Waterford.
Of the aid promised to the king, OVP, by Roger Roth, the sheriff, in victuals at Drogheda.
Of the arrears of the farm of the manor of Crumlin, OVP, by William Sampson de Calan, in victuals at Dublin.
Of the rent of Thristeldermot and Gavernagh, OVP by Walter de Ivethorn.
Of the farm of the city, OVP, by William de Calan and J. de Castelknok.
The farm of the city, OVP by Ralph Bigdone.
Adam de Cromelin, sheriff, OVP of the arrears of his account, by N. bishop of Leighlin of a fine for trespass.
Richard de St Michael, OVP as he came not when summoned.
The same for the same.
The same OVP for the same.
John Casshe, OVP of a fine for trespass.
Of the issues of the escheatry, OVP , by Walter de la Haye.
OVP of the same.
OVP of the same.
John fitz Ralph, OVP of a fine for release from visne.
Gilbert le Blund de Baliscadan, OVP of a fine for trespass.
William de Prendergast, OVP of a fine for trespass.
Henry fitz Griffin de Rupe, OVP of a fine, by George de Rupe.
Richard de Kerdyef, OVP of a fine for trespass.
Thomas de Sniterby, OVP for the marriage of the heir of Peter de la More.
The farm of the town, OVP, by William de Grafton and J. le Blund, in victuals.
Ralph the baker  of Drogheda, OVP of a fine for trespass.
Richard de Cantilupo, sheriff, OVP for divers escapes.
Luke Ruddel, OVP of a fine for trespass.
Phillip le Phiretter and others, OVP of a fine for the same.
Gilbert fitz John le Brun, OVP for the same.
Richard fitz William Cantilupo, OVP of a fine for release from visne.
Geoffrey de Clahull, sheriff, OVP of divers escapes, by R. de Clahull.
Philip fitz John Brun, OVP of a fine to have peace.
Andrew Brun and Ragenilda, his wife, and G. fitz Andrew Brun, OVP of a fine to have peace.
Peter Murlegan, OVP of a fine for trespass.
The profits of the county of Kerry, OVP, by R. de Cant’, sheriff.
Richard de Cantilupo, sheriff, OVP, of debts of divers persons.
Of the farm of the manor of Newcastle Lyons, OVP, by William le Blund.
Of the issues of the lands late of J. de Curcy in county Kerry, OVP, by James de Keting.
Hugh Purcel, OVP of a fine for all trespasses.
Richard de Cantilupo, sheriff, OVP of debts of divers persons.
Of the issues of the escheatry, OVP, by Richard de Cantilupo for Walter de la Haye, escheator.
The farm of the city, OVP, by Gaillard de Pontefract.
Richard de Rupella, seneschal, OVP of debts of divers persons.
William de Haukeswell, seneschal, OVP of the arrears of his account, by Richard, the seneschal.
Of the aid promised the king, OVP, by the same seneschal.
Nicholas de Indeberge, sheriff, OVP of the arrears of his account.
Philip Beg, OVP for a false claim.
Richard le Fleming, OVP for himself and his pledges as he did not prosecute.
NOTHING.
Of the aid promised to the king, OVP, by T. de Assheb’ and J. Fraunceis.
Robert fitz Maurice, OVP for the sergeanty of the county, by Gerald fitz Maurice.
Walter Uncle, sheriff, OVP of the arrears of his account, by the tenants of Brungaveston.
The farm of Newcastle Lyons, OVP, by William le Blund.
Brother Walter le Bacheler, master of the knights of the Temple, OVP to have the collection of the new custom of Waterford, by Brother W. de Treminham.
Walter de la Haye, OVP of the issues of the archbishopric of Dublin, by Henry de Waleton in corn of Colonie .
Richard de Autone, sheriff, OVP of the arrears of his account.
Jordan de Exeter and Juvana, his wife, OVP to have a writ.
Thomas Peveril, OVP as he came not when summoned, by A. de Cromelin, sheriff.
Nicholas Troy, OVP of a fine for trespass.
John de Strattone, constable, OVP of the arrears of his account.
John de Coventre, sheriff, OVP of the arrears of his account, by Philip Hulot.
William Short de Killori, OVP of a fine for him and his associates.
William de Shenhull, OVP of a fine to have visne relaxed.
John Wodelok, sheriff, OVP of the issues of the forfeited lands of Hugh fitz Audeon.
Ralph de Trivers, OVP of a fine to have peace, by W. Sauvage.
Ralph Betagh and his associates, OVP of a fine to have peace.
Roger Gernon, sheriff, OVP of the arrears of his account.
Hugh de Clintone, sheriff, OVP of the same.
Of the issues of Castle Fraunk and the manor of Ays, OVP, by Ralph Devening.
David Mazener, sheriff, OVP of the arrears of his account, in victuals at Dublin.
The same sheriff, OVP of debts of divers persons, in victuals as above.
Roger Roth, sheriff, OVP of the arrears of his account, by G. de Lonne, for the pledge of Denahuth Orayly and Cathel Thenagh.
The farm of the town, OVP, by Ralph de Bigdone.
Thomas de Dondalk, OVP for licence to make an agreement.
The seneschal and bailiffs of the town, OVP for an undue return of a writ.
The same, OVP for a false return of a writ.
Robert de Doningtone, OVP for unjust detention.
Geoffrey Wolleter, OVP for a false raising of the hue and cry.
Nicholas le Deveneys, sheriff, OVP of the arrears of his account.
John de Daundone, OVP of a fine for trespass, by Thomas le Waleys.
Godfrey de Langelee, OVP of a fine for trespass.
William de Managhan, OVP of a like fine.
Thomas fitz Walter, OVP for the same.
Bartholomew Malizard, OVP as he did not prosecute a writ.
The same Bartholomew, OVP of a fine for trespass.
Geoffrey le Bret, sheriff, OVP of the arrears of his account.
The same sheriff, OVP of the profits of the county.
Henry le Noreis, OVP of a fine for trespass.
Richard de Assheburne, sheriff, OVP of the arrears of his account, by Roger de Assheburne.
Henry Haket, OVP to have a writ.
Walter de la Haie, OVP of the issues of the archbishopric of Dublin, by Roger de Novo Castro.
Hugh Purcel, sheriff, OVP of the arrears of his account.
Thomas de Oxeburne, OVP for conspiracy.
Of the farm of Crumlin, OVP, by John Russel.
Leticia, late the wife of Hugh Tyrel, OVP for a false claim.
The same Leticia, OVP to have a writ.
Of the farm of the mills by Dublin castle, OVP, by Henry le Freines.
Of the farm of the manor of Chapelizod, OVP, by Brother W. de Ros, prior of Kilmainham.
Osbert le Blake de Baraym’, OVP as he came not when summoned.
Roger Simone de Slane, OVP for the same.
Robert Huwe, OVP for the same.
John Andrews de Graungethiz, OVP for the same.
Of the king’s aid promised in the county of Trim, OVP, by T. de Assheburne and J. Fraunceys.
Nicholas de Avenil, OVP for the marriage of Juliana de Clare, by P. Ulf.
Adam de Creting, OVP of the arrears of his account of the issues of Cathircorny, by the same P.
Adam le Blund and G. de Brendewode, OVP of the chattels of Thomas le Keu, felon.
Richard Tyrel of Castroknok, OVP of a fine for the issues of his lands and tenements.
John le Taillur, OVP for a false claim.
Of the farm of Tassagard, OVP by Robert le Deveneis.
Of the same, OVP by William le Archer.
Of the farm of Newcastle Lyons, OVP, by William le Blund.
Of the rent of Esker, OVP by Henry Kisshok.
Of the arrears of this rent, OVP, by the same.
Walter de la Haye, OVP of the arrears of the escheatry, by Richard Gernun.
The same, OVP by Richard de Exeter.
Henry de Wiltone, OVP for him and his pledges as he came not when attached.
The farm of the lands late of John de Mohun at Bertone, OVP, by Margaret Wogan.
Of the farm of Tassagard, OVP, by Robert le Deveneis.
The same, OVP, by William le Archer.
The same, OVP, by Richard Brun.
Reginald Bernevalle, OVP for the relief of his lands.
Henry Adthelard, OVP of a fine for instigating a false appeal.
Walter Brisbon, OVP of a fine for the same.
Roger Roth, sheriff, OVP of the arrears of his account, by the same Walter.
Of the issues of Castle Frank and the manor of Ays, OVP, by Ralph Devening.
Peter le Petit, OVP of a fine for having peace.
Geoffrey de Geneville, OVP as a loan received in Wales from the king’s Wardrobe.
Of the rent of Kilinnin, OVP, by Thomas de Kent, seneschal.
Reginald de Bernevalle, OVP for the relief of his lands.
From the same, OVP of a fine.
Richard de Oxon’ , sheriff, OVP of the arrears of his account.
From the same sheriff, OVP of the chattels of Roger Betag’, who has drowned.
William le Rede de Arcath, OVP as he did not come when summoned.
Richard Gervas’, OVP for him and his pledges as he did not come when attached.
Richard Hamund, Reginald Hamund and Philip fitz Martin, OVP of a fine, by R. Turbot.
The abbot of Wetheni, OVP of a fine for trespass.
Hugh fitz Ralph and his associates, OVP for the same.
Robert Bagot, sheriff, OVP of the debts of divers persons.
The farm of the city, OVP, by W. Sampson de Calan and J. de Castelk’
Walter de la Haye, OVP of the issues of the archbishopric of Dublin, by J. Heyne.
Richard de Cruis, OVP of a fine for trespass.
John Wodelok, sheriff, OVP of the debts of divers persons, by Robert de Noctone.
William de Cauntone, sheriff, OVP of the chattels of felons and fugitives.
Nicholas Crombe, OVP as he came not when summoned.
Reginald de Bernevalle, OVP of a fine for trespass.
Of the farm of the town, OVP, by Ralph de Bigdone.
Of the same, OVP, by Richard Botild.
Of the promised king’s aid, OVP, by the same R.
From the mayor and bailiffs of the city, OVP of the arrears of their account, by W. le Lumbard.
Of the same arrears, OVP, by John Giffard.
Of the same, OVP by Nicholas the clerk and W. de Calan.
The abbot of St Mary’s, OVP of a fine, by William de Meones.
From the same, OVP of the rent of the mills of Dubleday, by the same W.
From the same, OVP of the rent of Caprath, by the same.
From the same, OVP of the rent of New Grange, by the same.
From the mayor and bailiffs of the city, OVP of the arrears of their account, by T. de Slane.
OVP of the same by William Sampson de Calan.
OVP of the same by Ralph de Balsham.
OVP of the same by David Fraunceis.
OVP of the same by Peter le Vale.
OVP of the same by John de Hereford.
OVP of the same by Adam de Hereford.
OVP of the same by Ralph de Balsham.
Of the king’s aid promised in the county of Trim, OVP, by Thomas de Assheburne.
The mayor and bailiffs of the city, OVP  of the arrears of their account, by J. Bouneis and W. Brun in victuals there.
Of the same arrears, OVP
Of the debts of divers persons of the city, OVP, by Richard Botild.
Reginald de Bernevalle, OVP of a fine for trespass.
The mayor and bailiffs of the city, OVP of the arrears of their account, by William Terry.
Adam Karik, OVP to remit the king’s suit, by Adam de Houthe.
The farm of Newcastle Lyons, OVP, by W. le Blund.
Adam Cromelin, sheriff, OVP of the arrears of his account, by N. bishop of Leighlin of a fine for trespass.
Thomas Galroy, OVP of a fine for having peace.
The mayor and bailiffs of the city, OVP of the arrears of their account, by J. Sampson.
Adam Karrik, OVP for the death of J. de Suttone, by Alice Crombe.
The mayor and bailiffs, as above, OVP, by T. de Coventr’ and J. le Seriaunt.
OVP of the same by J. le Furetter.
OVP of the same by Robert de Wyleby for his curtillages.
Of the farm of Tassagard, OVP by Robert le Deveneis.
OVP of the same by Thomas Kisshok.
OVP of the same by William le Archer.
OVP by the same William.
OVP of the same by Simon de Camera.
Of the arrears of the farm of the town, OVP, by John Raffodan.
John le Mareschal, clerk, OVP of a fine for trespass.
The rent of Crumlin, OVP, by J. Russel and Allexander Coleman.
Of pleas and perquisites of the court of Newcastle Lyons, OVP, by T. de Kanc’, seneschal.
Of pleas and perquisites of the court of Tassagard, OVP by the same seneschal T.
Of the town of Killenien, OVP for the escape of Henry Pudding.
Of the rent of this last town, OVP by William Malroni.
The mayor and bailiffs of the city, OVP of the arrears of their account, by Geoffrey Brun.
Of the chattels of William fitz Richard, a fugitive, OVP, by John le Mareschal.
Of the issues of the lands late of G. de Lisenee at Baliogary, OVP, by R. de Kunword and W. Blisseit.
The mayor and bailiffs of the city, OVP of the arrears of their account, by G. Chimbard.
From the merchants of the society of the Riccardi of Lucca, OVP of their English debts, by the same G.
Thomas fitz Aluredi, OVP for he is not present at an attaint.
Ralph le Blund de Bilath, R., his son, and Martin the miller, OVP of a fine.
Walter the chaplain and Adam Brun, OVP of the forfeited chattels of felons.
Thomas Locard and John Locard, OVP of a fine.
Of the issues of the provostship of the city, OVP, by Thomas de Coventry and J. le Seriaunt.
Of the farm of Tassagard, OVP, by William Larcher.
OVP of the same by Robert le Deveneis.
Of the arrears of the same farm, OVP, by Walter le Deveneis.
OVP of the same arrears by Simon de Camera.
OVP of the same by Thomas Kisshok.
OVP of the same by Richard Daniel.
OVP by Walter Ailmer.
OVP by Richard Brun.
Roger Roth, sheriff, OVP  of the arrears of his account.
Nicholas, archbishop of Armagh, OVP of a fine for trespass.
The same archbishop, OVP  of a fine for him, his archdeacon, and his clerks.
Robert de Balicogan, Richard and Nicholas, his sons, OVP of a fine, by John Clement.
Haket de la Sale, OVP to have a writ.
Reginald Brun, OVP of a fine for conspiracy, by Richard de St Michael.
Of the arrears of the rent of Crumlin, OVP, by Adam de Cromelin.
Roger de Novo Castro, Irishman, OVP for entry into his lands in the tenement of Swords.
The abbot of Mellifont, OVP of a fine for trespass.
The mayor and bailiffs of the city, OVP of the arrears of their account, by Thomas Coliz.
Richard Taff, sheriff, OVP of the arrears of his account of the forfeited chattels of William Loundegon.
John de Coventr’, sheriff, OVP of the profits of the county, by Philip Huglot.
Philip and Richard Madok, OVP of the chattels of Gillecrist McManethan.
John fitz William de Launei, OVP for trespass.
Henry le Fleming, OVP as he came not when summoned.
Richard Simond, OVP of a fine for trespass.
Walter de la Haye, OVP  of the issues of the archbishopric of Dublin, by Henry de Waleton, in corn of Cullen .
Walter de Boneville, OVP for unjust detention.
John fitz Adam, OVP to have a writ.
Walter de la Haye, OVP of the issues of the archbishopric of Dublin, whereof J. de Hothum previously had a moiety.
Nicholas the goldsmith  of Kilkenny, OVP because he bought pollards without warrant.
Richard de Valle, sheriff, OVP  of the debts of divers persons.
John Baret, sheriff, OVP of the arrears of his account, by John Cristofor.
Simon Okevan, vicar of Roscrea , OVP of a fine for the release of visne, by G. Harald.
Richard Taf, sheriff, OVP of the arrears of his account, by Richard Knil, of forfeited chattels.
The farm of the lands late of John de Mohun at Bertone, OVP, by Margaret Wogan.
The abbot of Mellifont, OVP of a fine.
William de Cauntone, sheriff, OVP of the debts of divers persons.
Henry fitz Ririth, OVP of a fine.
The mayor and bailiffs of the city, OVP of the arrears of their account, by William de Bristewyk.
OVP of the same by Thomas de London.
William de Haukeswell, seneschal, OVP of the arrears of his account, by Richard de la Rokele, seneschal.
From Richard de la Rokele, OVP of the debts of divers persons.
Nicholas, archbishop of Armagh, OVP of a fine for him, his archdeacon, and his clerks.
Of the issues of Castle Frank and the manor of Ays, OVP, by Ralph Devening.
Humphrey de Finglas, OVP of a fine for trespass.
The farm of Newcastle Lyons, OVP, by William le Blund.
The mayor and community of the city of Cork, OVP of the aid promised to the king, in victuals there.
From the same, OVP of the farm of the city, in victuals also.
Nicholas de Deveneis, sheriff, OVP of the arrears of his account, in victuals at Cork.
The merchants of the Riccardi of Lucca, OVP  of their English debts, by G. Chimbard, in victuals there.
Adam de Cromelin, sheriff, OVP of the arrears of his account, by Luke le Chaumbrelein.
Adam de Crumlin, sheriff, OVP of the same arrears, by Thomas Paget.
Of the rent of the Decies, OVP, by Reginald Russell.
John Ringer, OVP to have a writ.
The rent of Bray, OVP, by William Fox.
John fitz Reymund de Valle, OVP of a fine for him and his pledges as he is not present.
Issues of the provostship of the city, OVP, by Thomas de Coventry and J. le Seriaunt.
Of aid promised to the king, OVP, by Thomas de Chaumbernun.
David fitz Elias, OVP of a fine for trespass.
John Capel, OVP of a fine for the same.
The rent of Esker, OVP by Henry Kisshok.
John de Coventr’, sheriff, OVP of the profits of the county, by Philip Huglot.
William Cadel, OVP of the goods of Brother S. de Fulburne, by Master Adam de Bodingtone.
John de Saunford, former archbishop of Dublin, OVP of several of his debts in the stud , by the same A.
Henry le Mareschal and Robert de Wileby, OVP of the goods of foreign merchants, by the same A.
John Comin, OVP for unjust detention.
Adam de Cromelin, sheriff, OVP, by N. bishop of Leighlin, of a fine for trespass.
Patrick Chevre, Geoffrey Chevre and others, OVP, by the same bishop for the same.
Walter de la Haie, OVP of the issues of the archbishopric of Dublin, by J. vicar of Lusk, in oxen and plough-beasts  bought at Wherfe.
Thomas de Camilford and Richard de Kermerdin, OVP as they did not have Nicholas fitz Thomas de Canulf, who they had mainperned.
Roger Galewey, OVP as he came not when summoned.
OVP from him for the same.
John le Archer, OVP of his chattels forfeited for his flight.
Walter de la Haie, OVP of the issues of the archbishopric of Dublin, by Roger  de Novo Castro.
John Lantian and Bernard Mey, provisors of victuals at Ross, OVP of the arrears of their account, by H. Osemund and his associates.
William Kist, OVP as he came not when summoned.
J. Lantian and B. Mey, victuallers as above, OVP of the same arrears, by the same H. Osemund and his associates.
John Giffard, OVP of the arrears of his account for the time at which he was provost of Dublin, by Thomas Coliz and R. Thurstey.
The mayor and bailiffs of the city of Dublin, OVP of the arrears of their account of the farm, by William Sampson de Calan.
The mayor and bailiffs of the city, OVP of these same arrears, by Laurence de Winton’.
The merchants of the society of the Riccardi of Lucca, OVP of these debts, by G. Chimbard.
The mayor and bailiffs, OVP of their arrears, by John Stakepole.
John le Poer, sheriff, OVP for a false return of a writ.
The mayor and bailiffs of the city, OVP of their arrears, by Henry Fichet, of the farm.
The prior of Holy Trinity, OVP for him and his pledges as he came not when attached.
Henry le Waleis, sheriff, OVP of the arrears of his account, by John le Waleis.
The mayor and bailiffs of the city, OVP of the arrears of their account, by John le Decer, of the farm.
The mayor and bailiffs, OVP of their arrears, by John de Clif, for curtilages.
The mayor and bailiffs, OVP of their arrears, by Richard de St Olave and R. Laughles.
OVP of the same by J. Colewel, N. the clerk, and P. Karrik.
OVP of the same by the executors of William de Divelin.
The rent of Crumlin, OVP by Allexander le Deveneis and John Russel.
The rent of Tassagard, OVP by Robert le Deveneis.
The mayor and bailiffs of the city, OVP of their arrears, by John de Castro Knok.
The mayor and bailiffs of the city, OVP of the arrears of their account, by J. de Castelknok.
The farm of Newcastle Lyons, OVP by William le Blund.
The perquisites of the court of Crumlin, OVP, by Thomas de Kent, seneschal.
The mayor and bailiffs of the city, OVP of their arrears, by Richard de Colecestr’.
The arrears of the farm of Tassagard, OVP by Simon de Camera.
OVP for the same by Thomas Kisshok.
Robert Haket, OVP for the plevin of Robert fitz Philip Haket, of a fine.
Nicholas de Berkelee, OVP of a fine for trespass, by Thomas Renaud.
The rent of Corkagh, OVP, by Henry Beling.
Walter de la Haie, OVP of the issues of the archbishopric of Dublin, by Richard, archdeacon of Dublin, for plough-beasts purchased at Cullen.
OVP of the same by the same, for cattle purchased at Cullen.
OVP for the same, for plough-beasts bought at Swords.
OVP for the same, for corn purchased at Swords.
The rent of Newcastle Lyons, OVP by William le Blund.
The mayor and bailiffs of the city, OVP of the arrears on their account, by John Sampson.
William de Estdene, OVP  of the arrears of the farm of Chapelizod, by Richard de Oving.
Of the farm of the city, OVP by Walter Fleint and John de Hereford.
Of the issues of the provostship of Dublin, OVP, by Thomas de Coventry and J. le Seriaunt.
Richard le Grete, OVP of restitution of victuals at Trim, by Anselm Coterell, seneschal.
Stephen Blake, OVP of restitution of the same, by the same.
The prior of Colp de Llanthony, OVP  of the chattels of John de Clere, felon.
Adam le Blund and G. de Brendewode, OVP of the chattels of Thomas le Keu, felon.
Of aid promised to the king in the city of Dublin, OVP, by Robert le Woder.
Joan de Valenc’, OVP of the arrears of her account, by Adam de Rupe, seneschal.
From the same seneschal, OVP of the debts of divers persons.
John Wodelok, sheriff, OVP of the debts of divers persons.
William le Botiller, OVP for the marriage of the son and heir of Nicholas Ailward.
Richard le Blund de Bilath and R., his son, OVP of a fine to have peace.
Walter de Birford and his pledges, OVP, as he came not when attached.
Robert Locard, OVP of a fine for trespass.
Geoffrey de Geneville, OVP for the debts of divers persons.
John Wodelok, sheriff, OVP of the arrears of his account, by Walter de Birford.
The farm of the town, OVP , by Robert le Sutherun.
Roger Roth, sheriff, OVP of the profits of the county.
The same sheriff, OVP of the arrears of his account.
Simon fitz Simon de Tanelagh, OVP of a fine for the release of visne, by Thomas fitz Simon.
William Maghan, OVP of a fine.
Robert de Maundeville and Roger de Birford, OVP of a fine for trespass.
Adam de Cromelin, sheriff, OVP of the arrears of his account, by the prior of Duleek  and R. le Fleming.
John le Tiler, OVP for trespass.
John le Tiler and Nicholas de Porteseie, OVP for the same.
The mayor and bailiffs of the city, OVP of the debts of divers persons.
The same authorities, OVP of a certain forfeited boat and fish sold.
Thomas de Stanlee, OVP of a fine for release from an indictment.
William fitz Audeon, OVP of a fine.
Hugh fitz Audeon, OVP for trespass.
Peter fitz Audeon, OVP for the same.
Richard le Rath, OVP for him and his mainpernors, as he came not when mainperned.
Adam Lagheles and William Orodan, OVP of a fine for trespass, by the pledge of Reginald le Tanner.
Simon de Rochef’, OVP of a fine for trespass.
Agatha, late the wife of Stephen Slogther, OVP for the same.
Richard Taf, sheriff, OVP of the arrears on his account, by John Overse.
Adam le Blund and G. de Brendewode, OVP of the chattels of Thomas le Keu, felon.
Gilbert le Linet, OVP of a fine for having peace.
John de Feipo, OVP as he came not when mainperned.
Richard Talbot the elder, OVP for having a writ.
Robert de Baligogan, and Richard and N., his sons, OVP of a fine, by Ralph fitz John.
Richard Hamund, Reginald Hamund and Philip fitz Martin, OVP of a fine to have peace, by Robert Turbot.
William Prene, OVP of his forfeited chattels at Balumok, by J. Giffard.
Nicholas Randolf, juror, OVP because he came not.
Richard de Cruis, OVP of a fine for trespass.
John Wodelok, sheriff, OVP of the chattels of Roger Okuran, felon and fugitive, by Stephen de Exeter and his son, S.
William de Clintone, OVP of a fine.
William de Graftone, OVP of a fine for trespass.
Richard Burgeis de Arde, OVP of a like fine.
Humphrey de Finglas, OVP of a like fine, by Richard de Finglas.
Stephen le Blake, OVP for the restitution of victuals at Trim, by Anselm Coterell, seneschal.
Of the farm of Chapelizod, OVP, by the prior of Kilmainham.
William de Prendregaste, OVP of a fine.
Of the issues of Castle Frank and the manor of Ais, OVP, by Ralph Devening.
Of the farm of the city, OVP, by Walter Flint and J. de Hereford.
Luke de Beling, OVP as he came not when summoned.
Thomas Ratlawe and Remun’ McWyther, executors of Michael de Bodenam, OVP to have a writ.
John, vicar of Tanelagh, OVP for the same.
Phillip le Blund, OVP to have peace.
Robert Bagot, sheriff, OVP of debts of divers persons.
Nicholas Bacun, OVP for contempt.
John Baret, OVP of a fine for trespass, by Edmund Brun.
Henry de Bermingham, sheriff, OVP of debts of divers persons.
Reginald Russel, OVP for the rent of the Decies, by John de Weilond.
Joan de Valenc’, OVP of the arrears of her account, by Adam de Rupe, seneschal.
Adam de Rupe, seneschal, OVP as he did not make his proffer.
The same seneschal, OVP of the debts of divers persons.
Master David de Nevel, OVP of a fine for trespass.
Albert de Kenlee, sheriff, OVP of the debts of divers persons.
Henry de Belinges, keeper of the lands of G. Lissen’ at Cork, OVP of the arrears of his account.
Richard Taf, sheriff, OVP of the arrears of his account of the forfeited chattels of Robert fitz Robert.
The same sheriff, OVP of the arrears on his account of the forfeited chattels of J. le Lu, dean of the church of St Canice, Kilkenny.
Phillip Furlang, OVP of a fine for trespass.
The rent of Admethan, OVP, by Jordan de Exeter.
The rent of the lands late of William le Fleming, felon, OVP, by the same Jordan.
The same of the lands late of Adam le Fleming, OVP, by the same J.
John de Kathir, OVP of a fine for divers trespasses.
Walter Uncle, sheriff, OVP of the arrears of his account, by W. le Bret.
Henry le Walleis, sheriff, OVP of the arrears of his account, by J. le Walleis.
Adam de Karrik, OVP of a fine for the death of J. de Suttone, by Adam de Houethe.
The rent of Admekin, OVP, by Walter de Ridlesford.
James de Audeleye, OVP of a fine for trespass.
The mayor and bailiffs of the city, OVP of the arrears of their account of the rent of the curtilage of Jordan le Cutiller.
The abbot of Clonard , OVP of a fine to have peace.
Of the farm of the city, OVP, by Adam Reith.
John Cahis, OVP of a fine for trespass.
Thomas de Cromelin, OVP of the arrears of the rent of Crumlin, by Adam fitz Adam le Latimer.
The rent of Tristeldermot and Gavernagh, OVP , by W. de Ivethorn.
Peter fitz Meiller de Bermingham, OVP for unjust detention.
Adam de St Albino, OVP of the arrears of his account.
Andrew de Keting, OVP of a fine for conspiracy.
Andrew Pigot, OVP for release from visne.
John Assik, OVP for having a writ.
Robert Wodelok, OVP of a fine for trespass.
Walter le Bret, sheriff, OVP of the forfeited chattels of Reimund de Carru.
Thomas le Engleis, OVP for the release from visne.
Walter le Bret, sheriff, OVP of the arrears of his account.
Of the profits of the county, OVP by W. le Bret, sheriff.
Walter le Bret, sheriff, OVP of debts of divers persons.
William Taillefer, OVP of a fine for trespass.
William de Meones, farmer of the mills by Dublin castle, OVP, by H. de Freynes.
John de Winchedone and William Pollard, OVP of the arrears of their account of victuals.
The farm of the city, OVP, by Gaillard de Ponfreit.
The mayor and bailiffs, OVP of the arrears of their account.
The issues of the weirs of Limerick, OVP, by Maurice le Glover and Robert de Paumtone.
The arrears of the farm of Crumlin, OVP, by Adam de Cromelin.
The farm of Crumlin, OVP, by the same.
The rent of the Decies, OVP, by Reginald Russel.
Robert de Baligog’, and Richard and N., his sons, OVP of a fine, by Walter Andreu.
Cambinus Donati, sheriff, OVP of the debts of divers persons, in victuals at Cork.
The same Cambinus, OVP of a fine for trespass, in the same victuals.
The issues of the escheatry, OVP, by Walter de la Haye.
Richard de la Rokeel, seneschal, OVP of the debts of divers persons.
Richard Taf, sheriff, OVP of the issues of the forfeited lands of Luke le Mareschall.
William de Cauntone, sheriff, OVP of the debts of divers persons.
The farm of the manor of Carrikmcgriffin, OVP, by Richard de Valle.
Robert de Oteri  and Richeman de Welles, OVP of a fine for the purchase and sale of pollards, by J. Darbois.
Nicholas de Valle, OVP of a fine for trespass.
The same Nicholas, OVP for unjust detention.
William de Cauntetone, sheriff, OVP of the chattels of felons and fugitives.
William le Bret, OVP of a fine for many trespasses.
Robert fitz Maurice, OVP to have the farm of the sergeanty of Cork, by Gerald fitz Maurice.
Hugh Purcel, sheriff, OVP of the arrears of his account.
Walter de la Haye, OVP of the issues of the escheatry, by Richard Gernun.
The rent of Bray, OVP, by William Fox.
Walter de la Haie, OVP of the issues of the escheatry, by John Avelan.
William de Mapeltone, OVP for the sergeanty of county Cork.
John de Curci, OVP for his relief.
Maurice Russel, sheriff, OVP  of the debts of divers persons.
Richard fitz Adam, OVP for release from prison and ransom.
David fitz Alexander de Rupe, OVP for disseisin.
Milo fitz Eustace de Rupe, OVP of a fine for trespass.
John de Cogan, Richard de Cogan and others, OVP for the same.
The community of the county of Cork, OVP for the same.
William fitz Philip, Tirri Conehur, Ofewhan, and others, OVP for the same.
Reimund Bernard, OVP of the chattels of Bernard Crik, fugitive.
Odo Barri, OVP of a fine for trespass.
Milo Dunre and Matilda, wife of Adam le Paumer, OVP for the same.
John Silvester, OVP of a fine for the same.
Roger le Blund, coroner, OVP for the same.
Thomas fitz Richard, OVP for the same.
John Arnold, OVP for the same.
John Edward, OVP for the same.
David le Fleming, OVP for the same.
The vills of St Stephen, Duffglas, and others, OVP for the escape of Richard Osemund.
The vill of St Stephen and Milltown , OVP for the escape of Philip de Slefardagh.
Richard fitz Eivonis le Waleis, OVP of a fine for the release of visne.
Michael de Cavetone, Walter de Rupe, and others, OVP of a fine for many trespasses.
Milo le Waleis, OVP of a fine for trespass.
Philip fitz Thomas, OVP for the same.
Philip Beket, coroner, OVP for the same.
Geoffrey Flet, OVP for the escape of Eth Oconbaie.
David fitz Simon, OVP for trespass.
Nicholas de la Montaine, OVP of a fine for trespass.
John fitz Gerard Braghnok, OVP for the same.
Walter Heine, OVP for the same.
Gerard Silvester, OVP for the same.
Maurice Russel, sheriff, OVP of the debts of divers persons.
Walter de Lettone and Gonorra, his wife, OVP of a fine for trespass.
Cathal Oconkur, OVP of a fine to have peace, by Jordan de Exeter in cows.
The rent of Admekin, OVP, by Walter de Ridlesford.
Of the issues of 50 acres of the land of Machmille, OVP, by Maurice Russel, sheriff.
John fitz Richard, OVP of a fine for trespass.
Meiller le Poer, OVP for the same.
Walter Betholoth, OVP for the same.
John fitz William le Poer and others, OVP for default in keeping the peace.
William fitz Nicholas and others, OVP as they did not have Benedict le Poer who they had mainperned.
John fitz William le Graunt, OVP of a fine for trespass.
John de la Freine and Adam de la Feld, OVP of the chattels of David Tolnus.
Master Thomas de la Keine, OVP for licence to re-enter his lands.
John Baret, OVP of a fine for trespass.
Maurice Russel, sheriff, OVP of the debts of divers persons.
Stephen le Poer, Walter le Poer and others, OVP of a fine for trespass.
Richard de Autone, sheriff, OVP of the arrears of his account, by Eustace le Poer.
Phillip and Ralph de Kerdif, OVP of a fine to have peace.
Ralph de Kerdif, OVP of a fine for trespass.
Nicholas de Estafford and Henry Russel, OVP for not having R. de Kerdif who they had mainperned.
Ralph de Kerdif, OVP for conspiracy.
The same Ralph, OVP of divers of his debts.
The elect of Killaloe , OVP of a fine for trespass.
Walter de la Haie, OVP of the arrears of his account of the archbishopric of Dublin, by Maurice de Rupe Forti.
Mclaghlin Okenedi, OVP of a fine for trespass, by the same Maurice.
Nicholas le Deveneis, sheriff, OVP of the arrears of his account.
Nicholas Avenil, OVP for the marriage of Juliana de Clare, by P. Ulf.
Adam Creting, OVP  of the arrears of his account of the issues of Cathircorni.
Fulk de Fraxineto, seneschal, OVP of the debts of divers persons.
Ralph de Monthermer  and J. his wife, OVP of the arrears of their account, by the same seneschal.
The promised aid to the king in the county, OVP, by the same.
Walter de la Haie, OVP of the issues of the escheatry, by N. de Chiltenham.
Walter, OVP of the same, by the prior of Kilmainham.
John Lovelenche, OVP of a fine for trespass.
Philip Barun, OVP of a fine for many trespasses.
John Baret, OVP for the prise of wines in the city of Waterford.
The same John, OVP of the arrears on his account.
Walter de la Haie, OVP of the issues of the escheatry, by Richard de Exeter.
John Daundone, OVP of a fine, by Thomas le Waleis.
Maurice de Cantetone, OVP, as he did not become a knight.
The same Maurice, OVP for licence to purchase a better writ.
The same Maurice, OVP for the pledge of Malise Ohinli.
The same Maurice, OVP for the pledge of Downald McLatherci and David Okisse  with their followers  to have peace.
Mathew de Cantone, OVP of a fine for his men.
Jordan de Cantetone, OVP for the same.
Richard Taf, sheriff, OVP of the arrears of his account, by J. de Bermingham, knight, of the issues of his forfeited lands.
The same sheriff, OVP for the same arrears, by John de Freines.
The rent of Crumlin, OVP, by John Russel.
The merchants of the society of the Riccardi of Lucca, OVP of their English debts, by G. Chimbard.
OVP from the same debts by the same.
Roger Roth, sheriff, OVP of the arrears of his account, by Walter Hauberg.
Phillip fitz John Brun, OVP of a fine to have peace.
Andrew fitz Philip Brun and Regnil’, his wife, and others, OVP of a fine for trespass.
Richard fitz William de Cauntelou, OVP of a fine for the release of visne.
Gilbert fitz John Brun, OVP of a fine for trespass.
The issues of Anath’, OVP for the various debts of Thomas fitz Maurice, by Richard de Cantelou, sheriff.
Richard de Cantelou, sheriff, OVP for various escapes.
Robert de Clohull, OVP for the same.
Of the profits of the county, OVP, by the sheriff.
From the same sheriff, OVP of the debts of divers persons.
Walter de la Haye, OVP of the issues of the escheatry, by the same sheriff.
Hugh de Clintone, sheriff, OVP of the arrears on his account.
Maurice Russel, sheriff, OVP of the debts of divers persons, by Eustace le Poer.
The issues of Castle Frank and the manor of Ais, OVP, by Ralph Devening.
The arrears of the farm of Tassagard, OVP by William le Archer.
OVP of the same by Richard Brun.
Reginald Brun, OVP of a fine for conspiracy, by J. de la Hide.
Henry de Freines, OVP of the arrears of his account of the mills by Dublin castle.
The rent of Crumlin, OVP, by John Russel.
Geoffrey le Bret, sheriff, OVP of the arrears on his account.
Richard de Exeter, sheriff, OVP of the arrears on his account, by Nicholas de Cruys.
Richard de Exeter, sheriff, OVP of the arrears on his account, by Richard de Cruis.
Of the aid promised to the king in the county, OVP, by Robert Bagot, sheriff.
Of the same, OVP, by the same sheriff, in victuals at Cork.
John le Decer, OVP  of the arrears of his account of victuals for Scotland.
John Pipart, OVP of his forfeited chattels, by Edmund Butler.
Edmund Butler, OVP of his debts.
Patrick and Geoffrey Chevre and others, OVP of a fine for trespass, by N. bishop of Leighlin.
Nicholas Keting and Denise, his wife, OVP of a like fine, by Richard de Boitone.
The merchants of the society of the Frescobaldi, OVP of the issues of the Dublin exchanges, by Tholos’ Donati.
Reginald Brun, OVP of a fine for conspiracy, by John de la Hide.
Richard de Exeter, OVP for 16 tuns of wine sold to him of his father’s debts.
Walter de la Haye, OVP of the arrears of his account of the archbishopric of Dublin of the goods of Clond, by W. de Kenlee.
Adam Karrik, OVP for the death of J. de Suttone, by Alice Crombe.
John Wogan, OVP for the marriage of Margaret de Stauntone.
John fitz Ralph, OVP of a fine for release from visne.
Walter the chaplain and Adam Broun, OVP of the forfeited chattels of felons.
William Fulpot, OVP for default.
Robert Lyard, OVP as he came not when attached.
William fitz Walter, OVP for default.
William de Stokes, OVP for having a writ.
Adam de Stokes and Cecilia, his wife, OVP for licence to make an agreement.
Richard Druseleye, OVP for having a writ.
Richard de London, OVP for he did not pay on the day.
Robert Roth, OVP, for unjust detention of debts.
John, the bailiff of Killen, OVP for him and his pledges as he came not when attached.
Geoffrey de Geneville, OVP of the debts of divers persons.
The farm of the lands late of John de Mohun, OVP, by Margaret Wogan.
Walter Uncle, sheriff, OVP  of the arrears of his account, by the tenants of Brungaveston.
The merchants of the society of the Riccardi of Lucca, OVP, by Gerard Chimbard.
The arrears of the farm of Newcastle Lyons, OVP, by William le Blund.
The rent of Esker, OVP, by Henry Kisshok.
The farm of Tassagard, OVP, by Richard Begg.
The arrears of the same farm, OVP, by William Archer.
The issues of the mill of Tassagard, OVP by Margaret Poding.
The arrears of the farm of Tassagard, OVP , by Robert le Deveneis.
The same, OVP, by Simon de Camera.
Jordan de Anglo’, OVP of a fine for the release from visne.
Reginald Brun, OVP of a fine for conspiracy, by John de la Hide.
Of the issues of Castle Frank and the manor of Ais, OVP, by Ralph Devening.
Roger Stede and others, OVP for him and his pledges for they came not when attached.
Walter de la Haie, OVP of the issues of the archbishopric of Dublin, of the arrears of his account thereupon, by Richard le Blund.
Richard de Exeter, sheriff, OVP of the arrears of his account, by N. de Cruis.
The rent of Tristeldermot and Gavernagh, OVP by Walter de Ivethorn.
Richard Taf, sheriff, OVP of the arrears of his account, by William Becan.
Master Gilbert Omolodi, OVP of a fine for trespass, by Henry Vernail.
Kathel Oconeghor, OVP of a fine for having peace, by Jordan de Exeter, in cows.
The rent of Mainan, OVP, by David le Blund.
Richard de Exeter, sheriff, OVP of the arrears on his account, by N. de Cruis.
Walter de la Haie, OVP of the arrears on his account of the archbishopric of Dublin, by Nicholas Lonsquier, of a fine.
The same Nicholas, OVP for the plevin of Cristine Locard who came not when attached.
Adam Hunt, OVP of a fine for conspiracy.
William Mapeltone, OVP for the sergeanty of the county.
John le Joefne, OVP of a fine for trespass.
David de Caunt’, OVP of a fine to have peace for the death of Eustace de Rupe.
Simon Bluet, OVP of a fine for receiving.
William Cod, John and Nicholas, his brothers, OVP for many trespasses.
Maurice de Karreu, OVP for Peter Haket as he did not have him as pledged, by the said Maurice.
John de Curci, OVP for his relief.
John de Canetone, OVP of a fine to have peace.
Henry fitz David Rouhond de la Roche, OVP as he sold … to Luke fitz John de la Roche and D. fitz A. de Rupe.
David fitz Alexander de Rupe, OVP of a fine for disseisin.
Roger de Stapeltone, sheriff, OVP of the arrears of his account of county Cork.
The same Roger, OVP of the arrears of his account of county Tipperary.
Dovenald Og McCarthi, OVP of a fine for all trespasses, by John fitz Robert.
Adam de Creting, sheriff, OVP of the arrears of his account.
Hugh Not’, OVP for release from prison and ransom.
William Onehin, OVP to have peace.
The mayor and community of Cork, OVP for a trespass.
Thomas fitz Phillip, sheriff, OVP as he did not do his office.
Richard McConewill, OVP of a fine for receiving, by W. de Cantilupo.
Maurice fitz Allexander de Rupe and others, OVP of a fine to be pardoned a suit of peace.
John fitz Odo de Barri and others, OVP for trespass.
John de Cogan, R. de Cogan and others, OVP of a fine for the same.
John Tirry, OVP of the same, by Adam Tirry.
The same, OVP, by Robert Patrik.
The same, OVP, by Eve Wogan.
John de Cogan, OVP for himself, his burgesses and Irishmen, and others, for trespass.
Dovenald Og McCarthi, OVP of the same, by John de Barry.
Phillip fitz William de Barry, OVP for the same.
Robert de Cauntone, knight, OVP of the same for him and others.
Stephen Langefeld, OVP of the same for him and others.
Richard fitz Adam, OVP for release from prison and ransom.
William fitz William Martel, OVP of a fine for trespass.
Cambinus Donati, OVP of the same.
John fitz Clement le Cornwaleis, OVP of the same.
Philip fitz Thomas Holbe, OVP of the same.
William de Cauntone, sheriff, OVP of the debts of divers persons.
David fitz Philip Magnel, OVP of a fine for trespass.
Geoffrey Cogan, OVP of the same.
John fitz David, OVP for recovery of his demand.
Philip fitz Geoffrey le Bret, OVP for release from outlawry.
David Magnel, OVP for him and his men of a fine for trespass.
John de Winchedon the elder, OVP of a fine for trespass.
The whole community of Cork, OVP for a like fine.
Nicholas, bishop of Cloyne, OVP for him and his clerks of the same.
Master Gilbert McAlbraham and others, OVP of the same.
William fitz Philip Tirry and others, OVP of a fine.
David fitz Simon, coroner, OVP of a fine for concealment.
Gerald fitz Maurice, OVP of the chattels of Cristok, late the wife of Cathel Oregan.
Margery le Deveneis and others, OVP of a fine for trespass.
Milo fitz William, OVP of a like fine.
The city of Cork, OVP for the escape of John Oconin , fugitive.
John fitz Odo de Barry, OVP of a fine for trespass.
Henry de Cogan, OVP of the same.
Gilbert Minur, OVP for the same.
Howel the chaplain of Buttavant, OVP for the same.
Brother Robert le Ersedekne of Bridgetown  and others, OVP of the same.
Gregory de Cauntone, OVP of the same.
Nicholas Ohantelau, OVP for the same.
John Harding, the coroner, OVP of a fine for concealment.
The villate of Mora, OVP for the escape of William Stakepol.
Philip fitz William de Barry, OVP of a fine for trespass.
Philip de Barry de Kilbrin, OVP of a fine for him and his men of the cantred.
The villates of Bruntonig , and Langkin, OVP for the escape of McOlaugh and McCormuk, by D. de Barri.
The same villates, OVP for the escape of Malim  Moor Omolgrin, by J. Omolkennis.
The community of the city of Cork, OVP of a fine for false judgment and other trespasses.
Eustace le Noble, chief sergeant, OVP for the escape of Jordan Bastard.
The community of county Cork, OVP of the aid promised to the king.
Richard Gustard, OVP of a fine, by Walter Gustard.
Henry fitz Meiller fitz Rerith, OVP of a fine, by Peter fitz J. de Bermingham.
Adam de Clere, sheriff, OVP of the arrears of his account, by John Punchardun.
Albert de Kenlee, sheriff, OVP of the debts of divers persons.
Walter de la Haie, OVP of the issues of the escheatry of the arrears of Balianlyi, by John Assik.
Ralph de Troulei, OVP as he came not when attached.
William de la Hacche, sheriff, OVP of the arrears of his account.
Robert fitz Philip Haket, OVP of a fine, by John le Blund de Clunpet.
Nicholas de Indeberge, sheriff, OVP of the arrears on his account.
Patrick Chevre, G. Chevre and others, OVP of a fine for trespass, by Eustace le Poer.
Robert Haket, OVP for the pledge of Robert fitz Philip Haket of a fine.
Nicholas Bacun, OVP as he was not present.
The same Nicholas, OVP for falsely raising hue and cry.
The same, OVP for contempt.
Adam de Cromelin, sheriff, OVP of the arrears on his account, by Simon de Ludegate.
The same sheriff, OVP for the same, by Nicholas de Chiltham .
Thorosanus Donati, attorney of the merchants of the society of Frescobaldi in Ireland, OVP of the arrears on his account of the Dublin exchanges.
Master William Barbedeor , OVP for a licence to make an agreement.
John Sai, OVP to have a writ.
Richard Taf, sheriff, OVP of the arrears of his account, for the vill of Crocard of Kildare for the escape of William Blabi.
Henry le Noreis, OVP of a fine for trespass.
Nicholas Crok, OVP of a fine to have peace, by John fitz Rerith.
The abbot of St Mary’s by Dublin, OVP of a fine for trespass.
Robert le Woder, OVP of the arrears on his account of the prise of wines in the city of Dublin.
Henry de Freins, OVP of the arrears on his account of the mills by Dublin castle.
The rent of Mainan, OVP, by David le Blund.
The community of the city of Cashel, OVP of the aid promised to the king, by Hugh de Norwich.
The rent of Corkagh, OVP , by Henry de Beling.
The rent of Mainan, OVP, by David le Blund.
Walter de la Haie, OVP of the issues of the escheatry, by Nicholas de Cruis.
John le Archer, OVP to have his forfeited chattels restored.
Richard de Corkagh, OVP for contempt.
Gregory fitz John de Bree, OVP for the same.
Robert Child, John le Wyte, and Robert de Coventre, OVP for the same.
Of the arrears of the farm of Newcastle Lyons, OVP, by William le Blund.
Roger Davi de Bray, OVP for contempt.
Robert Davi, OVP for the same.
Arnald Donde, OVP  of the issues of New Leighlin, by N. bishop of Leighlin.
Luke Fisacre, OVP for falsely raising hue and cry.
The same Luke, OVP for him and his pledges as he came not when mainperned.
The rent of Corkagh, OVP by Henry de Beling.
Henry le Mareschall and R. de Wileby, OVP of the goods of foreign merchants, by Master Adam de Bodingtone.
John de Saunford, former archbishop of Dublin, OVP of many of his debts in the stud, by the same Master Adam.
William Cadel, OVP of the goods of Brother S. de Fulburne, by the same Adam.
Of the rent of Mainan, OVP , by David le Blund.
Adam Karrik, OVP for the death of John de Suttone, by Alice la Latimere.
Richard Clement, OVP to have a writ.
The farm of Newcastle Lyons, OVP, by William le Blund.
Of the arrears of the same farm, OVP, by the same William.
Ranulph le Roue, OVP for contempt.
The mayor and bailiffs of the town, OVP of the arrears on his account in surpluses of victuals, by G. fitz J. and R. Brun.
The same authorities, OVP of the arrears of their farm, in the same surpluses, by G. and Reginald.
The rent of Bray, OVP, by Thomas Comin.
Richard Taf, sheriff, OVP of the arrears on his account, by Richard Knil.
Gilbert Dardiz, OVP to have a writ.
Philip de Renville, OVP, as he came not when summoned.
Thomas Malet, Henry Ad’ and others, OVP of a fine pro recept’.
Batino Omolin, OVP of a fine for trespass.
The villate of Nobber, OVP, as it did not come fully.
The villate of Kells, OVP for the same.
Adam de Sancto Bosco, sheriff, OVP of the debts of divers persons.
Adam Walens’, OVP as he came not when summoned.
Walter de Kenet, OVP for the same.
David Heiron, OVP to have a writ.
Thomas Tredegold, OVP for the same.
William the clerk of Slane, OVP as he did not perform the office of coroner, and for other trespasses.
The villate of Drunkoneragh, OVP as it did not come fully to the coroner’s inquisition.
Adam de Sancto Bosco , sheriff, OVP  of the debts of divers persons.
John de Littone, OVP of a fine for trespass.
Adam de Holiwod, OVP of the debts of divers persons.
The mayor and bailiffs of the city, OVP of the arrears on the aid promised to the king, by the tenants of Holy Sepulchre.
Adam de Cromelin, sheriff, OVP of the arrears of his account for Nicholas de Berkelee of a fine.
The mayor and bailiffs, OVP of the promised aid, by William Fantinel.
The rent of Mainan, OVP by David le Blund.
Roger Roth, sheriff, OVP of the arrears of the account.
Richard de Cantilupo and others, OVP of a fine for the release of visne.
Andrew fitz Philip Brun and R., his wife, and G. fitz Andrew Brun, OVP of a fine for trespass.
Philip fitz John Brun, OVP of a fine to have peace.
The profits of the county of Kerry, OVP, by Richard de Cantilupo, sheriff.
The rent of Admekin, OVP, by Walter de Ridlesford.
Richard de St Michael, OVP for a writ of novel disseisin.
John Ringer, OVP to have a writ.
Leticia, late the wife of Hugh Tyrel, OVP to have a licence to marry.
Albert de Kenlee, sheriff, OVP of the debts of divers persons.
Henry fitz Meiller fitz Rerith, OVP of a fine, by Henry fitz Rerith.
Maurice Russel, sheriff, OVP of many of his debts, by R. Brun and R. de St Michael.
John le Mareschall, clerk, OVP of a fine for trespass.
Of the aid promised the king in the city, OVP, by N. Clere and R. Lauweles.
Of the farm, William Hamelin, OVP for falsely raising hue and cry.
John Dardiz, OVP as he came not when summoned.
Richard Taf, sheriff, OVP of the arrears on his account, by Richard Knil.
The farm of Tassagard, OVP, by Richard Beg.
The arrears of the same farm, OVP, by the same Richard.
Of the rent of Crumlin, OVP, by John de Cromelin.
Roger Roth, sheriff, OVP of the arrears of his account, in victuals at Drogheda.
Joan de Valencia, OVP of the arrears of her account, by Adam de Rupe , seneschal.
Adam de Rupe, seneschal, OVP of the debts of divers persons.
Maurice Russel, sheriff, OVP of the debts of divers persons.
Of the aid promised to the king in the city, OVP for Bartholomew Crek, by T. de Coventre and J. le Decer.
Of the issues of the lands late of John de Curci, OVP, by James de Keting.
Walter le Bret, sheriff, OVP of the debts of divers persons, by the son of G. Salle.
Richard de Cantilupo, sheriff, OVP of the arrears of his account.
